update: the KMP IDE plugin supported in IDEA 2025.2.2 for Windows (#524)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/quickstart.md

    For standalone installations, download the installer for [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/) 
    or [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio).

    The plugins necessary for Kotlin Multiplatform require at least **IntelliJ IDEA 2025.1.1**
    or **Android Studio Narwhal 2025.1.1**.

2. Install the [Kotlin Multiplatform IDE plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/14936-kotlin-multiplatform)
    (not to be confused with the Kotlin Multiplatform Gradle plugin).
   
    > To use the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin on Windows and Linux, you need IntelliJ IDEA 2025.2.2.

>     > Android Studio will add support for the KMP IDE plugin on Windows and Linux in the coming months.

Reviewer: same here

### Xcode

> If your iOS run configuration reports that there is no virtual device to run on, or the preflight checkmake sure to launch Xcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your iOS run configuration reports that there is no virtual device to run on, or the preflight check fails, make sure to launch Xcode
```
